[Music]
hey how was the party
aces he's wearing a woman's sweater and
he's drunk yeah we're good my name's
Simon I'm just like you I have a normal
family amazing friends typical high
school no texting in the halls dude come
on I can't have all my students
tendering it up right that's my
department
a lot of my life is great except I have
one huge ass secret hey have you seen
the new post about the closeted gay kid
at school who do you think it is your
blue I'm just like you nobody knows I'm
gay dear Simon it's nice to know there's
another guy at school with the same
secret when did you first realize you're
blue it was a bunch of little things
like my first girlfriend I think I'm
falling in love with you be right back
wasn't my proudest moment Simon have you
told anyone no blue I haven't told
anyone announcing who you are to the
world is pretty terrifying maybe he's
the hottest girl it's not really my type
not because she's black I love black
women I just I just love all women dude
blue doesn't seem fair that only gay
people have to come out - straight to
default I have something I need to tell
you I'm straight I like girls he's
trying to kill me I like men
so I look at your computer someone
leaked your emails on the school blog
I'm sorry Simon I can't do this anymore
I'm supposed to be the one that decides
win how and who knows and how I get to
say it that's supposed to be my thing
I think I'm destined to care so much
about one person it nearly kills me me
too
like I can feel you holding your breath
you are still you Simon
have you ever been in love I don't know
I think so your blue I might not know
your name or what you look like I want
to find you I'm done living in a world I
don't get to be Who I am
[Applause]
did you date me because you think I look
like a guy no I actually broke up with
you because you don't look like a guy oh
okay thanks welcome